Okay.
I have so many
So I really like listening to music and I like going to concerts.
I'm going to just say all of them. We can talk about it.
Whichever way you want to. I love to bullet journal.
Have you heard of that? It's so fun.
And I like to watch (***)
I like to hang out with my friends and I love to go to different cafes.
we try to cut much...
and then i like to go eat different
Which guy do you think? I'm gonna start buying like masks around Kingidoa. (***)
Oh and I like going there. Yeah.
The last time you went (***)
10 years ago,Yeah... he changed  the lot.
Yes. (***)
Yes....   Yes...
I know like right now they have a deal where you can...
It's like $200 but it's for 3 days.
So you can choose one park and that's it to go to?
And then your guy I think so..
Yes..... yes... yeah...
That's it.
That's what it is. So I thought because they used to do it before.
is they yeah you have to go like
They will be protected through Friday. Yeah, or was it Monday through?
You couldn't go on the weekend. They changed that.
even (***) weekend we got...
I was really surprised. so
Hmm...
Yeah...
It would be fun to choose three. (***)
Different day (***)  fine
and then maybe you could go to like Disney one day and then but then time to go to school
But the California entered...
You can't do both in one day, but you can choose one.
Two tickets free... tickets free...
and it's like you can use it
You can choose a date from now until the middle of May.
so you don't have to go like all 30 days in a row, you can go like throughout the month
Yeah...
Haunted Mansion.
I think the more classic one would be better. (***)
I love Alex in Wonderland. I love
Peter Pan.
And...
(***)
And I like pirates. What do you like when you went?
Oh, you wanted to go on it a lot.
Ahhh...
Ahh...
Maybe because they're really high quality.
So that's why they had that.
I wonder who they were from. But I think you would just love it.
And if you want to go, let me know. I'll go with you.
I'll meet you there, yes.
and I want to (***)
Last year and this year were the first years that I didn't have a
to the past
Or if you want to know where something's at, I could take you there quickly.
Yes,   Ha... ha... ha...
I will be your guide.
I definitely want to go.
For sure, I would love to have enough money to go to all the Disney parks.
Ummm... Well, I've gone to the one in Florida.
because my brother worked there so we got him for free.
yeah that's the only reason why we were able to... And then I have...
There when I was in Paris years ago, they had just opened.
and they said you either go to the Louvre
Museum or you go to Disneyland.
So I choose the museum.... Yeah..
I would like to go back there again when we went to Shanghai.
They open the park the next year so I didn't get to come.
So I'll have to vote back.
They had to like, I can Hong Kong tour...
So I what about to the one in Japan, in Tokyo?
Then I got to go to the one in Paris.
and what about the one in Shanghai and Hong Kong so I got like more parts too
Yeah... yeah... yeah...
Yeah, I got win the lottery so I can get all the money.
Hu...  Hmm...